[DOCUMENTATION][feature/otx] Explanation section. PR 2 (#1566)
open-edge-platform/training_extensions: docs/source/explanation/algorithms/classification/multi_class_classification.rst

For the supervised training we use the following algorithms components:

.. _mcl_cls_supervised_pipeline:

- ``Augmentations``: Besides basic augmentations like random flip and random rotate, we use `Augmix <https://arxiv.org/abs/1912.02781>`_. This advanced type of augmentations helps to significantly expand the training distribution.

- ``Optimizer``: `Sharpness Aware Minimization (SAM) <https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.06585>`_. Wrapper upon the `SGD <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stochastic_gradient_descent>`_ optimizer that helps to achieve better generalization minimizing simultaneously loss value and loss sharpness.

- ``Learning rate schedule``: `Cosine Annealing <https://arxiv.org/abs/1608.03983v5>`_. It is a common learning rate scheduler that tends to work well on average for this task on a variety of different datasets.

- ``Loss function``: `Influence-Balanced Loss <https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.02444>`_. IB loss is a solution for class-imbalance, which avoids overfitting to the majority classes re-weighting the influential samples.

> - Additionally, we use `No Bias Decay (NBD) <https://arxiv.org/abs/1812.01187>`_ technique and **early stopping** to add adaptability to the training pipeline and prevent overfitting. Besides this we use `Balanced Sampler <https://github.dev/openvinotoolkit/training_extensions/blob/develop/otx/mpa/modules/datasets/samplers/balanced_sampler.py#L11>`_ to create an efficient batch that allow reducing the iteration size by estimating the trials that all samples in the tail class are selected more than once with probability 0.999.

Reviewer: ``
```suggestion
- Additionally, we use `No Bias Decay (NBD) <https://arxiv.org/abs/1812.01187>`_ technique and **early stopping** to add adaptability to the training pipeline and prevent overfitting. Besides this we use `Balanced Sampler <https://github.dev/openvinotoolkit/training_extensions/blob/develop/otx/mpa/modules/datasets/samplers/balanced_sampler.py#L11>`_ to create an efficient batch that consists of balanced samples over classes, reducing the iteration size as well.
```

Author: Thank you!

> Multi-class Classification is the problem of classifying instances into one of two or more classes. We solve this problem in a common fashion, based on the feature extractor backbone and classifier head that predicts the distribution probability of the categories from the given corpus.

Reviewer: It can be minor but I prefer to write `Multi-class classification` rather then `Multi-class Classification` in the body if it's not header. Same as for Hierarchical classification and other parts.

Reviewer: One more minor suggestion : I suggest to describe the first sentence to -> "Multi-class classification has a challenge to classify instances into multiple classes."

Author: 'one of two' emphasize that we include also binary classification. Then, 'problem' I think is a common word for describing task setting in the literature rather then a 'challenge'. So, I prefer keep it as is. What do you think?

Reviewer: Good:)

For the supervised training we use the following algorithms components:

> .. _mcl_cls_supervised_pipeline:

Reviewer: Plus, I'm curious if there's a section to explain the sampler we used for incremental solution. If not, I'd like to add here. Especially for multi-class classification it uses specific balanced sampler.

Author: Again, why do we do it silently in the code? I would rather write it in the config
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68103869/216465839-07e0a084-4cdd-4700-ae42-2c2d5ea52027.png)

Author: I added description about balanced sampler. Please, check it, because I don't know exactly what it is doing. I took info from doc string

Reviewer: TaskAdaptHook needs some dynamically changing args such as new or old classes which can be checked in code. So we re-configure it in stage.py again. But as you said, we can register TaskAdaptHook in config just with base args. Looks like we need some refactoring again.

> - ``Loss function``: `Influence-Balanced Loss <https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.02444>`_. This is a balancing training method that helps us to solve the imbalanced data problem.

Reviewer: "IB loss is a solution for class-imbalance, which avoids overfitting to the majority classes re-weighting the influential samples."

Reviewer: In addition, we generally use CrossEntropy just when no new classes are added. Only the case we detect class incremental, IB loss is used as class-imbalance solution.

Author: Wouldn't it be always 'class incremental' since we use snapshot from ImageNet and number of classes will be different from data?
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68103869/216402367-2509357f-2208-431d-a05c-c9160ebb92a9.png)

Author: @JihwanEom @supersoob What do you think?

Reviewer: Sorry for late comment. Even though we use the imagenet ckpt at the first time training, model classes start off with a clean-slate. So it just use CrossEntropy when there's no difference between model and data classes as stated in if-statement.

Author: I changed it

- Additionally, we use `No Bias Decay (NBD) <https://arxiv.org/abs/1812.01187>`_ technique and **early stopping** to add adaptability to the training pipeline and prevent overfitting.

> To further enhance the performance of the algorithm in case when we have a small number of data we use `Supervised Contrastive Learning <https://arxiv.org/abs/2004.11362>`_. More specifically, we train a model with two heads: classification head with Influence-Balanced Loss and SupCon head with `Barlow Twins loss <https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03230>`_.

Reviewer 2: Please, add enter before this paragraph to avoid compilation warning

`EfficientNet-B0 <https://arxiv.org/abs/1905.11946>`_ consumes more Flops compared to MobileNet, providing better performance on large datasets, but may be not so stable in case of a small amount of training data.

Besides this, we support public backbones from `torchvision <https://pytorch.org/vision/stable/index.html>`_, `pytorchcv <https://github.com/osmr/imgclsmob>`_, `mmcls <https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmclassification>`_ and `OpenVino Model Zoo <https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo>`_.

> Please, refer to the :doc:`tutorial <../../tutorials/advanced/backbones.rst>`_ how to customize models and run public backbones.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please, refer to the :doc:`tutorial <../../tutorials/advanced/backbones>` how to customize models and run public backbones.
```

To see which public backbones are available for the task, the following command can be executed:

.. code-block::

        $ otx find --backbone {torchvision, pytorchcv, mmcls, omz.mmcls}

> In the table below the top-1 accuracy on some academic datasets using our :ref:`supervised pipeline <mcl_cls_supervised_pipeline>` is presented. The results were obtained on our templates without any changes. We use 224x224 image resolution, for other hyperparameters, please, refer to the related template. We trained all models on 1 GPU Nvidia GeForce GTX3090.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the table below the top-1 accuracy on some academic datasets using our :ref:`supervised pipeline <mcl_cls_supervised_pipeline>` is presented. The results were obtained on our templates without any changes. We use 224x224 image resolution, for other hyperparameters, please, refer to the related template. We trained each model with single Nvidia GeForce RTX3090.
```
